+++
title = "Syntest-JavaScript: Automated Unit-Level Test Case Generation for JavaScript"
date = 2024-02-02T17:56:40+02:00
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Mitchell Olsthoorn", "Dimitri Stallenberg", "Annibale Panichella"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]
summary = "" 

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "The 17th Intl. Workshop on Search-Based and Fuzz Testing (SBFT)"
publication_short = ""

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Over the last decades, various tools (e.g., AUSTIN and EvoSuite) have been developed to automate the process of unit-level test case generation. Most of these tools are designed for statically-typed languages, such as C and Java. However, as is shown in recent Stack Overflow developer surveys, the popularity of dynamicallytyped languages, such as JavaScript and Python, has been increasing and is dominating the charts. Only recently, tools for automated test case generation of dynamically-typed languages have started to emerge (e.g., Pynguin for Python). However, to the best of our knowledge, there is no tool that focuses on automated test case generation for server-side JavaScript. To this aim, we introduce SynTest-JavaScript, a user-friendly tool for automated unit-level test case generation for (server-side) JavaScript. To showcase the effectiveness of SynTest-JavaScript, we empirically evaluate it on five large open-source JavaScript projects and one artificial one."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = ["", ""]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = "https://zenodo.org/record/7741267#.ZBRMCC-B3kI"
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
